the US dollar is dramatically rising in
fact it has risen more than 7% in
November with constant uncertainty
investors are desperately looking for
safe havens the dollar is seeing the
flood rush in you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
let's look into the dollar today as well
as many geopolitical events beginning
with this the dollar was on Pace for its
best month against the Yen since 2009 at
signs of a US economic strength spurred
bets that monetary tightening will
accelerate Greenback has risen more than
7% in November amid speculation that
Donald Trump will pursue reflationary
policies this has been the General
accepted notion for what will occur
we'll see how that uh works out but that
has been basically
speculation and that has led up to this
rise and that has been very clear
as future signal growing bets at the FED
will follow an interest rate increase in
December with additional hikes next year
that is the part where we can't be
really sure of even less sure of the
reflationary policies simply because
we've heard them cry wolf over and over
again now also wanted to mention here
that when you're looking at currencies
you're comparing two together so is it
the Yen which has declined or is it the
US dollar which is increased or is it a
bit of both remember that whenever
you're looking at currencies they're all
traded against each other US Bank report
record profit in the third quarter now
this is another thing that we've seen
constantly that
despite all of the talk that banks have
been you know reeled in on their powers
and all this silliness it just goes to
show you that they'll continue to make
record profits because they have
derivatives which they create out of
thin air and a whole bunch of different
garbage I'm not buying it and I know
you're not either the nation's
commercial Banks and savings inst
institutions reported a
133% rise in net income in third quarter
hitting a record as institutions profits
soared and expenses
moderated that goes to show you how
powerful these organizations are and how
much control they really
have this right here is interesting
something that I believe is very
important a top Senate Democrat is
calling for the increased scrutiny of
China's Ambitions in Hollywood and other
sectors lending a critical voice to uh
cause Champion by Donald Trump and what
are we talking about here well
essentially talking about the you uh
takeovers of us companies by China's uh
Dian Wanda group and others warrant for
their scrutiny to determine whether they
are being orchestrated by the Chinese
government interests this is key now it
may not be the case but shouldn't there
be some
extra scrutiny involved when there's
these multibillion dollar Industries
being bought up by Foreign governments
doesn't matter if it's Chinese or
not then he goes
on possibly leaving us companies to
compete on an uneven playing field the
move increases the likelihood of a
reexamination of how us allows a nation
to invest in American companies and
right here he says I am concerned that
the Acquisitions reflect the Strategic
goals of China's
government I believe it is very
important to address these as they are
very concerning you never know what
could happen if all the media was then
owned by China by another foreign
government of most of the media or what
have you all of a sudden that media is
now controlled by Foreign
interests doesn't mean that they are
going to
necessarily change their views or have
particular views or anything but it's
probably the case look at this
Venezuela's currency is so devalued and
no longer fits in ordinary
wallets these in the picture here this
individual with a box of money I mean
it's ridiculous and that's not worth
very much at
all it's pretty practically garbage at
this
point and the story from the article
here basically talks about a guy who
owns a little shop and people are coming
by paying him and all these bills and
the guy's got a bag of money sitting
beside him and then you know it's very
difficult because obviously it's one of
the most dangerous cities in the world
karacas and people
are suffering at this time this is just
the way it's going until the currency is
completely destroyed that's what they're
going to take it to they will
definitely end up destroying the
currency that is an absolute
Fact one other note here this remote
military base is where China blasts
humans into
space talking about China Space Program
I just thought it would be interesting
to mention the fact that here in a very
remote location near the GOI desert
they're sending uh individuals uh they
haven't really disclosed all the details
but this is where they plan on expanding
their um their uh you
know expanding their their space program
essentially and then the intention is to
send uh humans to Mars and the moon so
it seems like they are expanding their
role in space which obviously connects
to the military aspect as as
well FBI and the NSA poised to gain new
surveillance powers under Trump and this
is I do believe something that uh could
very well occur and essentially what
they're trying to say here is you have
Trump you have a republican controlled
Congress and the prospect that has
privacy Advocates and some lawmakers
trying to mobilize opposition and
essentially he has gone or the article
has gone to say look you have Jeff
session
and Republican representative Mike
Pompeo for the director of the CIA
leading advocates for
domestic government spying and levels
not seen since September 11
2001 okay all I will say is they may go
ahead they may increase the amount of
domestic spying that they
do however what is it actually being
used for is it being used to Target
those who are terrorists or is it being
used like after this September 11th with
the Patriot Act which was never used
ever to my knowledge to actually
apprehend a terrorist instead it's used
domestically in order to get people on
completely unrelated crimes that's the
difference that I want to note forget
about the issue whether you think it's
going to happen or not I just want to
know if they do do it is it going to be
targeting people for completely
unrelated crimes that's what I'm seeing
today so we'll see how it works out
tomorrow we'll move on to the next
article here this is absurd something
that has been it's been going on for a
while California regulates cow farts
this is not a joke although it's out of
Fox News essentially saying that look
cows produce methane gas and that is a
hazard to the environment therefore we
should regulate it and what does
regulating it mean that means that you
will have to pay higher taxes that's all
this means trying to make it so
expensive that you cannot afford to
purchase it and therefore you will have
less pollution I mean it's a very very
silly tactic and it seems like it's
going on now for quite some
time I do believe that this is the worst
way to have any sort of change in the
climate but that's where we are today
and last but not least just eat makes
history with world's first takeaway
delivered by robot this individual
ordered as she normally did and receives
a robot at her door delivering the
goods I thought it was interesting that
even
delivery services are now being
outsourced to robots something that's
you know
it's I would say very minimal at this
time but in the next few years we're
going to see that expand
dramatically and this doesn't surprise
me at all more jobs will be lost to
Robotics and automation if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
book The Money GPS even more informative
so head over to Amazon where you can
look through the book for yourself